docs: add docs for openapi (#313)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/en/features/openapi/overview.md

---
title: Bytebase OpenAPI
---

> Bytebase provides OpenAPI to allow users operating resources without the UX.
> 
> It currently supports following OpenAPIs:
> 
> - [SQL advise](/docs/features/openapi/sql-advise)
> 
> We provide Swagger as OpenAPI online docs. Once you started your bytebase service, you can access it on `http://localhost:8080/swagger/index.html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bytebase provides OpenAPI to allow users to operate resources without the UX.

It currently supports the following OpenAPIs:

- [SQL advise](/docs/features/openapi/sql-advise)

We provide Swagger as OpenAPI online docs. Once you have started your Bytebase service, you can access it on `http://localhost:8080/swagger/index.html`.
```
